---
title: Enabling data literacy through hands-on collaboration
url: https://data-citizens-dialogues.captivate.fm
date: '2024-11-20'
author: alison.obstler@collibra.com (Collibra)
feed_url: https://feeds.cohostpodcasting.com/EtOaX4ed
---
Empowering teams with data is essential for any organization aiming to drive better decision-making. This week, Chief Data Citizen, Stijn Christiaens connects with Ruben Missinne, Data Analytics Officer at Colruyt Group, to break down how the company built a “data marketplace” to support decentralized access, enabling employees across departments to leverage data effectively and independently. Whether fostering data craftsmanship and trust through hands-on learning opportunities like hackathons and collaborative coaching, or by decentralizing data access and prioritizing transparency, Colruyt has built a culture where data is trusted and actionable. Leaders looking to transform their own data strategy will find valuable insights in their approach to making data an integral part of daily operations. Three reasons you should listen to this episode: 1. Empower teams through decentralized data access. Discover how Colruyt’s “data marketplace” model enables employees across the organization to use data independently, driving more effective, data-informed decision-making. 2. Strengthen data culture with practical, hands-on learning. Ruben shares Colruyt’s approach to data literacy through hackathons and collaborative coaching, making data skills accessible to everyone. 3. How transparency and trust enhance data use. Explore how Colruyt builds trust in its data through transparency and open access, ensuring that data is both reliable and integral to daily operations. Resources Connect with Stijn Connect with Ruben Enjoyed this Episode? Be sure to follow us so you never miss an update. You can leave us a review on Apple or Spotify, and share it with your friends and colleagues to help others learn more about the importance of a data-first digital transformation approach. Have questions? You can connect with us on LinkedIn. For more updates, please visit our website.
