---
title: Unlocking the power of a data-driven culture
url: https://data-citizens-dialogues.captivate.fm
date: '2024-07-31'
author: alison.obstler@collibra.com (Collibra)
feed_url: https://feeds.cohostpodcasting.com/EtOaX4ed
---
Data isn't just the new oil; it's the engine driving transformation. Listen as Northern Trust’s Adrienne Kiessel, Head of Enterprise Data Governance and Subbaiah Maneyapanda, Senior VP of Enterprise Data Management & Analysis break down how their organization’s data strategy is revolutionizing its approach to data governance and management. Of course, achieving such significant strides in data governance isn’t easy. But by treating data as a valuable asset and continuously fostering a proactive, collaborative culture, Northern Trust has shifted away from siloed operations to embrace a truly cohesive strategy; one that includes the use of data management tools, like Collibra. Recorded live at DC 24 in Orlando, this session is a rare glimpse at how to empower practitioners within your organization to begin leveraging data for innovation and informed decision-making. Three reasons you should listen to this episode: 1. Proactive Data Culture. Learn how Northern Trust is moving from reactive to proactive data management, breaking down silos and fostering a culture where data is treated as a core asset across the organization. 2. Strategic Integration. Discover the strategic integration of data governance tools like Collibra, which enhances data quality and consistency, supporting regulatory compliance and business innovation. 3. Empowering Practitioners. Understand the comprehensive approach to empowering thousands of data practitioners through education, support, and a centralized governance model, driving meaningful and actionable insights. Resources Connect with Thomas Connect with Adrienne Connect with Subbaiah Enjoyed this Episode? Be sure to follow us so you never miss an update. You can leave us a review on Apple or Spotify, and share it with your friends and colleagues to help others learn more about the importance of a data-first digital transformation approach. Have questions? You can connect with us on LinkedIn. For more updates, please visit our website.
