---
title: 'Metadata magic: the path to data enlightenment'
url: https://data-citizens-dialogues.captivate.fm
date: '2024-09-11'
author: alison.obstler@collibra.com (Collibra)
feed_url: https://feeds.cohostpodcasting.com/EtOaX4ed
---
Metadata isn’t just a buzzword; it's the foundation for driving business value and fostering a data-driven culture. Tanja Glisin, Data Governance Office Manager at TELUS, joins Collibra’s Keren Corely, Director of Go-to-Market Digital Programs, on location at DC 24 in Orlando, to discuss the transformative power of metadata management. Now five years strong, TELUS's metadata management program is designed to empower the organization by enabling business units to efficiently manage, govern and leverage data assets. Tanja shares insights into the program's mission to democratize data, the importance of stakeholder management and the role of continuous improvement in maintaining program success. She also emphasizes the significance of building a metadata repository to achieve critical mass and the strategic use of metadata to create valuable data products that drive innovation and efficiency across the organization. Three reasons you should listen to this episode: 1. Empowering Data Democratization. Hear how transforming data (by making it accessible and usable across the organization) can break down silos and foster a data-driven culture. 2. Strategic Metadata Management. Gain valuable insights into TELUS's approach to building and managing a comprehensive metadata repository, enabling efficient data governance and the creation of high-value data products. 3. Continuous Improvement and Stakeholder Management. Learn about the importance of continuous improvement, stakeholder engagement, and risk management in driving the success of a metadata management program and how these practices can be applied to your own data initiatives. Resources Connect with Keren Connect with Tanja ﻿Enjoyed this Episode? Be sure to follow us so you never miss an update. You can leave us a review on Apple or Spotify, and share it with your friends and colleagues to help others learn more about the importance of a data-first digital transformation approach. Have questions? You can connect with us on LinkedIn. For more updates, please visit our website.
