---
title: The secret sauce behind McDonald’s data strategy
url: https://data-citizens-dialogues.captivate.fm
date: '2024-06-18'
author: alison.obstler@collibra.com (Collibra)
feed_url: https://feeds.cohostpodcasting.com/EtOaX4ed
---
What’s the secret sauce behind McDonald’s ability to stay ahead in the fast-food industry? John Tucker, Director of Enterprise Data Governance, unveils how McDonald’s uses data to not only enhance customer experience but also streamline crew operations with cutting-edge AI applications. From personalizing customer interactions to implementing AI-driven tools that support crew efficiency, John reveals how McDonald’s leverages data to maintain its competitive edge. And his many insights on the company’s innovative data strategies only reinforce the role of data governance in ensuring quality and consistency across all industries. Recorded live at DC 24 in Orlando, this conversation is a must-listen for anyone interested in the practicalities of data-driven transformation in a global enterprise. Three reasons you should listen to this episode: 1. Practical AI Applications. John shares how McDonald's uses AI to streamline crew tasks, such as using chatbots to provide instant answers, which enhances efficiency and reduces manual work. 2. Comprehensive Data Governance. Learn about the innovative structure of McDonald's data governance team, including roles like data librarian and change adoption manager, and how this approach ensures data quality and consistency. 3. Building the Plane. Discover how McDonald's Project Runway is driving data standardization and operational improvements, making data more accessible and meaningful across the organization. Resources Connect with Thomas Connect with John Enjoyed this Episode? Be sure to follow us so you never miss an update. You can leave us a review on Apple or Spotify, and share it with your friends and colleagues to help others learn more about the importance of a data-first digital transformation approach. Have questions? You can connect with us on LinkedIn. For more updates, please visit our website.
