---
title: How governance is shaping the legal landscape
url: https://data-citizens-dialogues.captivate.fm
date: '2024-11-06'
author: alison.obstler@collibra.com (Collibra)
feed_url: https://feeds.cohostpodcasting.com/EtOaX4ed
---
How are law firms embracing the power of data while navigating the unique challenges that set them apart from other industries? Jordan Galvin, the first data governance manager at Perkins Coie, reveals how legal organizations can transform their approach to data, tackling compliance, privacy, and risk management in a traditionally non-technical environment. From improving data quality to bridging the gap between legal expertise and data-driven decision-making, Jordan shares practical strategies that bring data governance to life. She also highlights the importance of fostering collaboration across departments to build a more data-driven culture. This conversation offers valuable insights for leaders looking to elevate their data governance practices within the legal landscape. Three reasons you should listen to this episode: 1. How law firms harness the power of data. Discover how the legal industry is adapting to data governance, tackling challenges like compliance, privacy, and risk management while staying ahead in a rapidly evolving field. 2. Practical strategies for bridging gaps. Actionable insights on improving collaboration between traditionally separate legal and data departments to create a more data-driven culture. 3. Non-technical industries embracing data governance. Valuable lessons on how organizations with little technical background, like law firms, can implement effective data governance practices and turn data into a strategic asset. Resources Connect with Thomas Connect with Jordan Enjoyed this Episode? Be sure to follow us so you never miss an update. You can leave us a review on Apple or Spotify, and share it with your friends and colleagues to help others learn more about the importance of a data-first digital transformation approach. Have questions? You can connect with us on LinkedIn. For more updates, please visit our website.
