---
title: The power of a common data language
url: https://data-citizens-dialogues.captivate.fm
date: '2024-10-23'
author: alison.obstler@collibra.com (Collibra)
feed_url: https://feeds.cohostpodcasting.com/EtOaX4ed
---
A shared understanding of data across teams might be one of the most critical tools for driving better business outcomes. Just ask Nicola Askham, the Data Governance Coach, who's full of practical advice on creating clarity around data definitions, improving collaboration and making data sharing more reliable within organizations. Miscommunication and inconsistent data definitions can easily lead to inefficiencies and mistakes. Nicola shares practical strategies for using data glossaries and catalogs to align teams, ensuring everyone is on the same page and working with accurate, trusted information. This conversation offers actionable insights for data governance leaders looking to enhance data culture and governance practices through a unified language. Three reasons you should listen to this episode: 1. Create clarity around your data. Learn how establishing a common language through data glossaries and catalogs can reduce miscommunication and ensure your teams work with accurate, consistent data. 2. Boost collaboration across departments. Discover practical ways to improve data sharing and alignment between teams, leading to better decision-making and fewer errors. 3. Strengthen your data governance strategy. Gain insights into how a shared understanding of data can enhance your organization’s data culture and governance practices, making data more reliable and easier to manage. Resources Connect with Thomas Connect with Nicola ﻿Enjoyed this Episode? Be sure to follow us so you never miss an update. You can leave us a review on Apple or Spotify, and share it with your friends and colleagues to help others learn more about the importance of a data-first digital transformation approach. Have questions? You can connect with us on LinkedIn. For more updates, please visit our website.
