---
title: Solving data discovery with a self-service approach
url: https://data-citizens-dialogues.captivate.fm
date: '2024-09-25'
author: alison.obstler@collibra.com (Collibra)
feed_url: https://feeds.cohostpodcasting.com/EtOaX4ed
---
Faced with the complexity of managing massive amounts of digital data, it’s no surprise that organizations are rethinking how to empower their teams. Garth Gehlbach, Head of Data Governance at Western Governors University, joins us live at DC 24 in Orlando to reveal how the university implemented a self-service data discovery platform, transforming the way users access and leverage information. By leveraging a "Google for data" approach, WGU has built a system that allows users to quickly find and confidently trust the data they need. And thanks to the power of metadata in providing critical context and making data more accessible and reliable, WGU’s self-service model not only offers a practical blueprint for overcoming fragmented data sources and inconsistent reporting; it also paves the way for a more scalable and efficient data governance model. Three reasons you should listen to this episode: 1. Empowering your team with self-service data tools. Discover how implementing a self-service data discovery platform can transform your organization's efficiency, enabling users to independently find, understand, and trust data. 2. Unlocking the power of metadata. Hear how WGU used metadata to provide critical context, making data more accessible and reliable, and how you can apply similar strategies to your data governance efforts. 3. Overcoming data governance challenges. Gain insights into tackling common issues like fragmented data sources, inconsistent reporting, and building trust in your data through proactive governance strategies. Resources Connect with Thomas Connect with Garth Enjoyed this Episode? Be sure to follow us so you never miss an update. You can leave us a review on Apple or Spotify, and share it with your friends and colleagues to help others learn more about the importance of a data-first digital transformation approach. Have questions? You can connect with us on LinkedIn. For more updates, please visit our website.
