---
title: 'From fragmented to federated: the power of starting small'
url: https://data-citizens-dialogues.captivate.fm
date: '2024-07-03'
author: alison.obstler@collibra.com (Collibra)
feed_url: https://feeds.cohostpodcasting.com/EtOaX4ed
---
When a pioneer of connectivity solutions decides to revamp its data governance, the results can be transformative. Join Thomas for a chat with TE Connectivity’s Lead Data Governance Specialist, Jacqueline Paneque, and Senior Data Governance Specialist, Brett Larson. Together, they reveal the innovative data strategies that drive TE Connectivity’s success across multiple sectors. Recorded live at the Collibra Data Citizens event in Orlando, this episode delves into TE Connectivity’s journey from a fragmented data governance approach to a cohesive, federated model that enhances collaboration and efficiency. Discover how TE Connectivity uses data to solve business problems, improve decision-making, and foster innovation in a complex, multi-industry environment. Three reasons you should listen to this episode: 1. Real-world Transformation. Hear firsthand how TE Connectivity transitioned from a fragmented data governance model to a streamlined, federated system that integrates business and technical perspectives, providing tangible improvements in data management. 2. Strategic Insights. Gain valuable insights into the specific strategies TE Connectivity employs to drive adoption of data governance practices, including the creation of a business glossary and innovative approaches to maintaining data quality across diverse business units. 3. Innovative Applications. Discover the practical applications of TE Connectivity’s data strategies, including how they leverage data to solve real business problems, enhance decision-making processes, and drive innovation in the connectivity solutions sector. Resources Connect with Thomas Connect with Jacqueline P. Connect with Brett Enjoyed this Episode? Be sure to follow us so you never miss an update. You can leave us a review on Apple or Spotify, and share it with your friends and colleagues to help others learn more about the importance of a data-first digital transformation approach. Have questions? You can connect with us on LinkedIn. For more updates, please visit our website.
