---
title: Balancing offense and defense in data management
url: https://data-citizens-dialogues.captivate.fm
date: '2024-07-17'
author: alison.obstler@collibra.com (Collibra)
feed_url: https://feeds.cohostpodcasting.com/EtOaX4ed
---
How does a major player in the housing finance industry leverage data to drive business value and support its mission? Listen to find out as Chief Data Citizen, Stijn Christaens, chats with Freddie Mac’s VP & Chief Data Officer, Arvind Jagannathan, and Director of Data Analytics, Vikram Chopra, to uncover the sophisticated data strategies that power the mortgage leader's operations. Freddie Mac’s journey of modernizing its data ecosystem and steering clear of the data swamp highlights their innovative approach and dedication to effective data governance. As we examine their offensive and defensive strategies, we see how advanced analytics and AI help to transform operations and enhance decision-making in an incredibly regulated industry. Recorded live at DC 24 in Orlando, this deep dive into the practical applications of data is an amazing look at the intersection of data management, governance and business strategy. Three reasons you should listen to this episode: 1. Modernizing Data Ecosystems. Learn how Freddie Mac transitioned from legacy systems to a modern data infrastructure, ensuring data quality and compliance while driving business value. 2. Offensive and Defensive Strategies. Understand the balance between offensive and defensive data strategies, including data consumer registration and advanced analytics to support business objectives. 3. AI Integration. Discover how Freddie Mac is leveraging AI to improve their data processes and decision-making, setting the stage for future innovations in the housing finance industry. Resources Connect with Stijn Connect with Jag Connect with Vikram Enjoyed this Episode? Be sure to follow us so you never miss an update. You can leave us a review on Apple or Spotify, and share it with your friends and colleagues to help others learn more about the importance of a data-first digital transformation approach. Have questions? You can connect with us on LinkedIn. For more updates, please visit our website.
