---
title: How data-driven care changed the healthcare game
url: https://data-citizens-dialogues.captivate.fm
date: '2024-08-28'
author: alison.obstler@collibra.com (Collibra)
feed_url: https://feeds.cohostpodcasting.com/EtOaX4ed
---
Over the past two decades, data has become critical to nearly every industry. In the realm of healthcare, it's a game-changer. Anthony Macaione, Data Governance Manager, and Craig Hunter, Solutions Analyst, reveal how MemorialCare's cutting-edge data governance practices are revolutionizing patient outcomes and streamlining operations. MemorialCare's mission focuses on improving the health and well-being of individuals and communities by leveraging trusted data. As Anthony and Craig shed light on the organization’s data governance journey, they reveal the challenges of making data accessible and useful across the board. From the integration of data governance with business processes to the measurable success seen in increased data utilization and streamlined operations, this live DC 24 session underscores the importance of transparency, role-specific data access, and continuous improvement in healthcare data management. Three reasons you should listen to this episode: 1. Transforming patient care with data. Discover how MemorialCare leverages data governance to improve patient outcomes and enhance operational efficiency in a healthcare setting. 2. Real-world implementation. Gain insights into the practical steps MemorialCare took to build a comprehensive report catalog, integrating data governance with business processes to make data more accessible and useful. 3. Driving operational efficiency. Learn about the importance of transparency, role-specific data access, and continuous improvement in driving the success of healthcare data management programs. Resources Connect with Thomas Connect with Anthony Connect with Craig Enjoyed this Episode? Be sure to follow us so you never miss an update. You can leave us a review on Apple or Spotify, and share it with your friends and colleagues to help others learn more about the importance of a data-first digital transformation approach. Have questions? You can connect with us on LinkedIn. For more updates, please visit our website.
